this is our 2005 Ford Explorer it's an
Eddie Bauer edition it has the four
liter single overhead cam v6 engine as
you can see it has a nice two-tone paint
scheme it's got the white exterior paint
with the gold trim also has fog lights
up front step bars down below with a
roof rack up top privacy glass for the
back five windows I'll show you on the
remote here real quick see that blue
button if you hold that down see how it
pop the window gives you access into the
rear very quickly you can run up drop
your grocery bags in and you're off just
close this up here if you'd like to open
it up the normal way just pull on the
handle underneath there so this does
have a third row seat you do have
seating for seven back here I've taken
this headrest out because I'm going to
fold this down with that seed reclined
all the way like I have it you can't
actually fold it down with the headrest
in but if it was sitting in its normal
position a little straight up it flipped
down very easily so you just do that
flip straight down you can actually lock
the vehicle from back here so if you
were camping maybe sleeping back here
you could lock it up cupholders for the
rear passengers now you can see that
second row seat actually folds there's
three separate pieces to it so you can
fold down just the middle if you are
putting some skis in there fold down the
whole thing if you'd like move up to the
second row like I said this does recline
you can see I've got it reclined pretty
far back you can get pretty comfortable
in here and then all you have to do if
you want to fold it down just push down
on this flip it down just like that
very easy to do it's all flipped down
you can see that does have mat pockets
in the rear of each seat you have the
heating and air conditioning vents right
here with a fan control right there
there's also a plug in down below now up
top we do have the DVD system in this
one you see the screen there that's
where the DVD is actually playing
and here's a little pocket for the
remote vents all through the rear give
everybody plenty of air or heat whatever
you need get the nice wood trim oil
through the vehicle to tone the leather
move up front power windows power locks
power mirrors are all right here you do
have a two-position memory seat headlamp
controls right there windshield washer
wipers all that cruise controls right
here you can actually control the
temperature in the fan for the
temperature control right there you can
do it from the steering wheel if you'd
like you also have the audio controls
right here gauge cluster you do have a
six-disc in-dash CD changer with am/fm
capabilities it looks like it could also
play some mp3s if you'd like and there
is satellite radio lots of different
trip computers all that kind of stuff
you can get all that it'll show right
down there auto dimming rear view mirror
sunroof Homelink so this temperature
system is very cool just set it at
whatever temperature you'd like it'll
keep it there it will adjust the fan it
will adjust the temperature to keep it
at whatever temperature you put it at it
is a four wheel drive like I said
automatic four-wheel drive for high and
then for low so this one will click it
on if it needs it
four-wheel the high if you know you need
it and then low if you're going to be
climbing any steep muddy hills anything
like that you turn off the traction
control with that button give a plug in
right here big center console with a
pocket right there and the cupholders
for the rear passengers are located
right here this explorers an awesome
shape like I mentioned the two-tone
leather
you've got the darker brown with a
really light cream color in the middle
it's a nice offset they're going to back
up so you can see a side
all right so there it is if you have any
questions please give us a call